README.md, before:

# Scoop Bucket Template

<!-- Uncomment the following line after replacing placeholders -->
<!-- [![Tests](https://github.com/<username>/<bucketname>/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/<username>/<bucketname>/actions/workflows/ci.yml) [![Excavator](https://github.com/<username>/<bucketname>/actions/workflows/excavator.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/<username>/<bucketname>/actions/workflows/excavator.yml) -->

Template bucket for [Scoop](https://scoop.sh), the Windows command-line installer.

How do I install these manifests?
---------------------------------

To add this bucket, run `scoop bucket add <bucketname> https://github.com/<username>/<bucketname>`. To install, do `scoop install <manifest>`.

How do I contribute new manifests?
----------------------------------

To make a new manifest contribution, please read the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/.github/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

----

#### To use this template

- Modify the Readme.md and the bin/auto-pr.ps1 files accordingly.
- Enable GitHub Actions for this repository.

Commit message:

populated the template with my data

README.md, after:

# Scoop Bucket Template

[![Tests](https://github.com/detain/scoop-emulators/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/detain/scoop-emulators/actions/workflows/ci.yml) [![Excavator](https://github.com/detain/scoop-emulators/actions/workflows/excavator.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/detain/scoop-emulators/actions/workflows/excavator.yml)

A [Scoop](https://scoop.sh) bucket 🪣for console 🎮and arcade 🕹emulators.

How do I install these manifests?
---------------------------------

To add this bucket, run `scoop bucket add <bucketname> https://github.com/detain/scoop-emulators`. To install, do `scoop install <manifest>`.

How do I contribute new manifests?
----------------------------------

To make a new manifest contribution, please read the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/.github/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

----

#### To use this template

- Modify the Readme.md and the bin/auto-pr.ps1 files accordingly.
- Enable GitHub Actions for this repository.
